today in the show I'm gonna be talking
about some tongue tightens that were
excluded from the new 52 so the new 52
is over now like it's done it's dusted
the nails in the coffin it's totally
over but obviously the Teen Titans book
that was started in the new 52 is still
going and there were a lot of teen
titans that did not appear in the new 52
which to be fair they didn't have time
to fit in all sort of 100 and something
Titans but they could have fit in a lot
more than they did we're going to talk
about some of the ones that I was
surprised didn't appear in the Teen
Titans in the new 52 there are some
characters in this list that did appear
in the new 52 but they just went in the
Titans so first off there is terror also
known as Tyra Markov she was a fan
favorite of people that watched the
cartoon and she did appear in the new 52
she wasn't a team called the ravagers
but she was not on the Titans here's the
thing in the comics back when she first
appeared in the 80s she was messed up
she wasn't a good character
the TV show kind of adapted her
storyline where she works for
Deathstroke but in the TV show they made
it seem like she didn't really want to
work for him she was just really really
upset in the comics
no she was messed up she was a 16 year
old sleeping with a 40 year old man this
girl was messed up she would join the
Titans undercover working for
Deathstroke to try and figure out all of
the Titans weaknesses so the two of them
could systematically take out two of the
Titans eventually all the Titans would
be captured and taken to the hive and
Deathstroke and Terra's plan would turn
around on them and Terra would actually
think that Deathstroke has betrayed her
so rather than talking things out and
trying to work together with Deathstroke
so they can turn things back around and
save their plan she brings down the
entire hive building on herself and then
attempts to kill everyone inside of it
but she only succeeds in killing herself
like smooshed dead
there's
a really hard time for Beast Boy because
he had fallen in love with her and not
only did he just find out the girl that
he'd fallen in love with was evil he
also just found out that she just killed
herself
so that's the thing in the new 52 like I
said she was in the Ravagers but she
didn't take part in any majorly
important storylines and in fact the
Ravagers was really really bad so I feel
like this character deserved a lot more
than what she got in the new 52 like the
juniors contract the storyline Tara is
in in the comics is considered one of
the most iconic storylines from DC
Comics
it's the storyline that made the Titans
the best-selling title in the 80s like
I'm talking bestselling in the world not
just the United States not just England
in the world because of that an iconic
character from an iconic story deserves
to take part in something iconic in
their new 52 and she just didn't get
that she deserved so much more next we
have bumblebee who was actually a member
of the original Titans group back from
the 1960s although she first appeared in
the 1970s meaning she appeared in the
back end of the original Titans run she
was essentially DC's version of the wasp
she was a genius who had the ability to
shrink and grow at will and she created
nonviolent weapons weapons that were
made to stun but not to harm which I
feel like would fit in very very well
with the current run of the Titans she
was in the cartoon obviously I know
something you were gonna bring that up
but I really don't feel like the cartoon
did her genius justice like this girl is
a genius she creates nonviolent weapons
for STAR Labs she is a genius and the
cartoon just really didn't get that
across
they just made her seem smart but not
like a genius in the Titans at the
moment a lot of the characters kind of
feel like they should punch first then
ask questions later in fact you've got
teenagers kids essentially talking about
killing at the moment so I really do
feel like a character that would be
specifically made to be nonviolent would
fit in this
I run other Titans because if she came
along with nonviolent weapons where does
she fit amongst all these characters all
these kids that want to kill each other
I want to see that I want to see how
that unbalances the chemistry now we
have the final character that I am
legitimately shop's did not make it into
the new 52 at all had no appearances in
the new 52 and his name is Abby
Bloomberg kid devil I've made a history
video about him in the past click the
link down below if you want to see it so
originally kid devil was Blue Devil
sidekick in the old universe and then he
would eventually sell his soul to a
demon to get his own demonic powers
later on he would become a hero in his
own right and become red devil but he
was always a member of the Titans at
least from about 2005 onwards he was a
member of the Titans
he was a fan favorite from the moment he
got his demonic powers people absolutely
loved him he was really really fun he
was a breath of fresh air in the team
which is really really surprising
considering you know it was a demon
personally I do feel like he's a strong
enough character to have his own series
simply titled kid devil or Red Devil but
if he has to go on the Titans once again
he would definitely fit in with the team
especially once again because
everything's so serious in the Titans at
the moment and it could just be a bit of
fun occasionally and he'll be the
perfect character to kind of remind the
team hey have fun
obviously there are loads more Titans
that didn't make it into the new 52 like
Zachary Zatara or even Starfire she just
wasn't a member of the Titans this time
although it was hinted that she was a
member of a Titans type team in the past
this was quickly retconned all in all
it's only a matter of time before I
start writing for the Titans so they've
got a bright future okay guys that is it
for today so which Titans are you
shocked didn't appear in the new 52
please in the comments down below also
don't forget to thumbs up and subscribe
and see my history videos once did we
get to like me on Facebook follow me on
Twitter to support the show by checking
out my patreon so I can make bigger and
better and more history videos nor do we
get to subscribe to my vlogging channel
if you want to start your day with me
ever
single day and also follow me on Twitch
my name is Faust there's been exploring
comics and it is super effective
[Music]